Android dependencies (#2279)
keymanapp/keyman: android/README.md

## Prerequisites
* Android Studio 3.3.2+

> * Java SE Development Kit 11 (Java 9 or newer)

Reviewer: I was able to build this branch with the existing Java 8.  @mcdurdin , sounds like you prefer we stay with Java 8 for now? If so, this readme can revert.

I'll copy this to a future issue so we'll remember the steps to upgrade.

Reviewer 2: Given the existing stable build doesn't build with Java 9+ it'd be better not to update if we don't have to.

Reviewer: @safolit Since we're sticking with Java 8 for now, you can revert this README.

I've documented your steps for updating to Java 9+ in #2293

Author: I leave the steps about installation of openJDK there and updated it for openJDK 1.8.
Tested it locally with openJDK and it works well.

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) 8.9+ (for building KeymanWeb)

## Install Java
It is recommended to use openJDK because of oracle license issues.
Tested with latest release for openJDK 11 from
https://github.com/ojdkbuild/ojdkbuild

1. Download and unpack the zip archive

> 2. On on windows: use the default java path C:\Program Files\Java to avoid error message "Error 0x80010135 Path Too Long".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On Window, install Java to the default path "C:\Program Files\Java" to avoid the error message `Error 0x80010135 Path Too Long`.
```
